# Python 101 - RailEurope

## Objectives

- Not a course: not mandatory, supposed to be interactive, attend when you want
- Mob-programming sessions: come to code, give time to the team, receive in return
- None of us are Python experts, but we intend to grow together
- We gather every other Tuesday, 9.30 -> 11.30 CEST
- [#Pythonistas](https://raileuropetech.slack.com/archives/C080FS118GN) on Slack is the place to share

## Arborescence and folder structure

- In `docs` you will find the general docs for Tooling, some notions, etc, plus the session docs, summarizing a few things we've done.
- In `code` you will find the code we write for each session. We will copy-paste it from a session to another as long as we work on the same topic, or start from blank.
- `myenv` is not a folder you should use. You can just check a few things here, like the Python version installed in your environment, or the libraries installed. **It is not shared across git**
- `output` is where we're going to write some files, like the JSON files generated by the code we write. It is supposed to be messy, unorganized, conflicting, so the files won't be shared across Github. If you want to check some data from there, remember to remove the files and relaunch your code.

## More docs

- [Tooling](./docs/tooling.md)

## Sessions

- [Session 1](./docs/sessions/session-1.md)
  - Discover the environment
  - Discover the API and the project
  - Use some tools (Repl, PyPi, etc)
  - Write a first Python file
  - Fetch an API
  - Transform data received to JSON
  - Write a JSON file
  - Fetch based on the result of previous fetch
  - When to refacto?
